Online 3D Printing Service | Instant 3D Printing Quote menu person chevron_left Back close Services Services Injection Molding Service Plastic Injection Molding Liquid Silicone Rubber Molding Overmolding Insert Molding Family and Multi-Cavity Molding Prototyping Production Quality Secondary Operations CNC Machining Service CNC Milling CNC Turning Production Machining Threading Options Quality Finishing Options 3D Printing Service Metal 3D Printing Stereolithography Multi Jet Fusion Selective Laser Sintering PolyJet Advanced Photopolymers Fused Deposition Modeling Production Large Format Quality Finishing Options Sheet Metal Fabrication Laser Cutting Punching Forming and Bending Fabricated Assemblies Prototyping Production Design Guidelines Quality Finishing Options Ready for Full-Service Production? We are your manufacturing partner to scale projects to production. Get complete program management with a team who can tailor our capabilities to optimize cost, quantity, and quality control of your production order. Explore Production Materials Materials Material by Service Injection Molding Molded plastic prototypes and production parts CNC Machining Machined prototypes and production parts in as fast as 1 day 3D Printing Additive manufacturing for quality plastic and metal parts Sheet Metal Flat and formed sheet metal for custom parts Material by Type Plastics Various grades of plastics across molding, machining, and 3D printing Metals Extensive library of metal materials for machining, sheet metal fabrication, and 3D printing Elastomers Flexible materials for injection molding and 3D printing Colors View color options for each manufacturing service Customer Supplied Resin Guidelines on how to supply custom resin for your next project New 3D Printing Materials! Tough Black (Loctite Henkel 3843) and Ceramic-Filled (BASF 3280) are two new advanced photopolymer materials now available for 3D printing. Learn More Industries Industries Industries We Serve Medical Accelerated development of medical devices and health care products Aerospace High-quality components from early prototyping to hot-fire testing to launch Automotive Rapid prototyping and ramp-up production for traditional, electric, and autonomous vehicles Robotics Complex end-use production parts for robotics and automation applications Consumer Electronics Functional prototyping and on-demand production of consumer and computer electronics parts Industrial Equipment Durable jigs, fixtures, and other components to streamline assembly and reduce production costs Industry Resources Medical Injection Molding Medical Materials Aerospace Manufacturing Guide Aerospace Machining EV/AV Automotive Guide Industry Case Studies Industry Certifications Medical: ISO 13485 Aerospace: AS9100 Defense: ITAR Protolabs x NASA We partnered with NASA to machine a crowdsourced, generatively designed part that was delivered in only 36 hours so the design could be presented at the PowerSource Global Summit. Read Story Resources Resources Design Tips Advice on common manufacturability issues and material selection Toolkits Resources to optimize your parts from prototyping to production Guides and Trend Reports In-depth guides and reports on a range of digital manufacturing topics Partnerships Real-world success stories from innovative companies Design Aids Get physical tools and resources to improve part design Events & Trade Shows Join industry events and on-demand or live webinars Blog Your source for design resources, in-depth features, and industry news Videos Explore our facilities, technologies, material selection, and more FAQs Answers to common questions across our service lines Educators and Students Resources for the classroom and aspiring engineers Manufacturing Glossary Quick definitions of common manufacturing terms and acronyms Help Center Get assistance with our digital quoting and manufacturing analysis platforms Product Life Cycle Leverage Protolabs across the product life cycle for prototyping and production Product Releases Learn about new products, capabilities, and e-commerce features Design Cube Our helpful design aid demonstrates part features that are too thin or too thick, bad bosses, right and wrong ribs, and other considerations to be mindful of while designing parts for injection molding. Request Design Cube About Us About Us Protolabs Network Factories x Network What is Protolabs Network? Quality Assurance at Network Our Company ProDesk ISO Certifications Investors Charitable Giving and Community Impact Careers Locations Press Contact Us Proto Labs, Inc. 5540 Pioneer Creek Dr. Maple Plain, MN 55359 United States P : 877-479-3680 F : 763-479-2679 E : [email protected] Manufacture like a Pro From custom prototyping to end-use production, we're your trusted manufacturing partner helping you drive product development and innovation forward. Learn More search close search Deutschland España France Italia Rest of Europe United Kingdom United States Search search Location expand_less expand_more Deutschland España France Italia Rest of Europe United Kingdom United States Sign In Get Instant Quote Sign In Get Instant Quote chevron_left Back close search close Services 3D Printing Online 3D Printing Service for Custom Parts On-demand 3D printing for rapid prototyping and production in as fast as 1 day. Get an instant 3D printing quote with DFAM analysis today. Get Instant Quote View Materials Certification + Compliance ISO 9001:2015 | ISO 13485:2016 | AS9100D | ITAR 120+ Additive manufacturing machines 50,000+ Product developers served 250,000+ Parts printed each month Innovative Companies We Support 3D Printing Processes Our online 3D printing service enables you to 3D print your custom part on demand. We offer six 3D printing technologies to transform your 3D files into plastic, metal, and elastomeric parts. With more than 120 3D printers, we have unmatched capacity that reliably delivers parts within days. In addition to a broad material selection, we offer several post-processing options to improve cosmetics or enhance mechanical properties. Metal 3D Printing Direct metal laser sintering (DMLS) uses a fiber laser system that draws onto a surface of atomized metal powder, welding the powder into fully dense metal parts. Learn More Multi Jet Fusion (MJF) Multi Jet Fusion selectively applies fusing and detailing agents across a bed of nylon powder, which are fused in thousands of layers by heating elements into a solid functional component. Learn More Stereolithography (SLA) Stereolithography (SLA) uses an ultraviolet laser that draws on the surface of liquid thermoset resin to create thousands of thin layers until final parts are formed. Learn More PolyJet PolyJet uses a jetting process where small droplets of liquid photopolymer are sprayed from multiple jets onto a build platform and cured in layers that form elastomeric parts. Learn More Selective Laser Sintering (SLS) Selective laser sintering (SLS) uses a CO 2 laser that fuses nylon-based powder, layer by layer until final thermoplastic parts are built. Learn More Advanced Photopolymers When your project requires advanced mechanical properties beyond stereolithography (SLA) and PolyJet, explore our advanced photopolymer materials unlocked by Axtra3D Hybrid PhotoSynthesis (HPS) technology. Learn More FDM 3D Printing Through Protolabs Network FDM (fused deposition modeling) 3D printing builds parts by heating and extruding thermoplastics layer-by-layer. FDM is a good 3D printing options for strong prototypes and functional parts. Material options include popular thermoplastics like ABS, TPU, PEI, PETG, and more. Get an instant quote for FDM parts within days. Learn More Print it Better Get high quality 3D-printed parts fast with support from engineers who know additive inside and out. Build high-performing, reliable parts with six 3D printing technologies and 60+ materials. Learn More Compare 3D Printing Processes New to our 3D printing service and not sure which additive technology is right for your 3D design? Compare the capabilities of each process below to see what fits your application's requirements. US Metric chevron_left chevron_right Materials Max Part Size Min Feature Size Tolerances Metal 3D Printing Aluminum Stainless Steel (17-4, 316L) Titanium Inconel Cobalt Chrome 9.6 in. x 9.6 in. x 13.0 in X Line: 31.5 in. x 15.7 in. x 19.7 in. 0.006 in. ±0.003 in Stereolithography ABS Polycarbonate Polypropylene Silicone 29 in. x 25 in. x 21 in. 0.0025 in. ±0.002 in. Selective Laser Sintering Nylons Polypropylene TPU 19 in. x 19 in. x 17 in. 0.030 in. ±0.010 in. Multi Jet Fusion Nylons 11.1 in. x 14.9 in. x 14.9 in. 0.020 in. ±0.012 in. PolyJet Elastomer (30A to 95A) 19.3 in. x 15.4 in. x 7.9 in. 0.012 in. ±0.005 in. Advanced Photopolymer Tough Black Ceramic-Filled Flame Retardant 9.8 in. x 5.5 in. x 19.4 in. Tough Black = 0.100 in. Other materials = 0.020 in. Tough Black = ±0.010 in. Other materials = ±0.002 in. Materials Max Part Size Min Feature Size Tolerances Metal 3D Printing Aluminum Stainless Steel (17-4, 316L) Titanium Inconel Cobalt Chrome 245mm x 245mm x 330mm X Line: 400mm x 800mm x 500mm 0.1524mm ±0.076mm Stereolithography ABS Polycarbonate Polypropylene Silicone 736mm x 635mm x 533mm 0.0634mm ±0.0508mm Selective Laser Sintering Nylons Polypropylene TPU 482mm x 482mm x 431mm 0.762mm ± 0.254mm Multi Jet Fusion Nylons 281mm x 378mm x 378mm 0.508mm ±0.305mm PolyJet Elastomer (30A to 95A) 490mm x 391mm x 200mm 0.305mm ±0.127mm Advanced Photopolymers Tough Black Ceramic-Filled Flame Retardant 249mm x 140mm x 499mm Tough Black = 2.55mm Other Materials = 0.5mm Tough Black = ±0.25mm Other Materials = ±0.05mm Production PRO Tip For optimal repeatability when 3D printing at scale, design away from minimum limits allowing extra room for variation . Get more expert tips for production . 3D Printing Materials Plastic 3D Printing Materials ABS Nylon Polycarbonate (PC) Polypropylene (PP) Silicone TPU Digital Photopolymer ABS ABS is an all-purpose material that offers smooth surface finishes, impact resistance, and durability. We offer a variety of ABS-like plastics: Accura Xtreme White 200 Accura Xtreme Gray Accura 7820 WaterShed XC 11122 MicroFine Learn more about ABS 3D printing Nylon We offer multiple grades of nylons through our selective laser sintering (SLS) and Multi Jet Fusion (MJF) 3D printing processes. These powdered thermoplastic materials build durable parts with mechanical properties suitable for functional prototyping and end-use. PA 12 White PA 11 Black PA 12 Black PA 12 Mineral-Filled PA 12 40% Glass-Filled PA 12 40% Glass-Filled Black PA 12 Value Learn more about nylon 3D printing Polycarbonate (PC) Polycarbonate is a versatile material choice that stiff parts with excellent heat deflection. Multiple polycarbonate-like materials are available through our stereolithography (SLA) process. Accura 60 Accura 5530 PerFORM (Ceramic-like Advanced High Temp) Learn more about polycarbonate 3D printing Polypropylene (PP) 3D-printed polypropylene is a lightweight material with flexibility, durability, and chemical resistance. Polypropylene Natural Somos 9120 (PP-like Translucent White) Carbon FPU 50 Learn more about polypropylene 3D printing Silicone 3D-printed silicone comes in a variety of Shore-A harnesses, is biocompatible, and functional in a range of temperatures. Learn more about silicone 3D printing TPU 3D-printed TPU offers rubber-like elasticity and elongation with good abrasion and impact resistance. Learn more about TPU 3D printing Digital Photopolymer 3D printing in digital photopolymer offers multiple Shore A hardnesses and comes in three colors: clear/translucent, white, and black. Learn more about digital photopolymer 3D printing ABS expand_less expand_more Nylon expand_less expand_more Polycarbonate (PC) expand_less expand_more Polypropylene (PP) expand_less expand_more Silicone expand_less expand_more TPU expand_less expand_more Digital Photopolymer expand_less expand_more Metal 3D Printing Materials Aluminum Cobalt Chrome Inconel Stainless Steel Titanium Aluminum 3D-printed aluminum offers high temperature and corrosion resistance and an excellent strength-to-weight ratio. Learn more about aluminum 3D printing Cobalt Chrome 3D-printed cobalt chrome offers a high strength-to-weight ratio and excellent creep and corrosion resistance. Learn more about cobalt chrome 3D printing Inconel A high strength, corrosion resistant nickel chromium superalloy. Inconel 718 comes in different three resolutions and can receive different post-processing treatments. Learn more about Inconel 3D printing Stainless Steel 3D-printed stainless steel is a corrosion resistant metal with high hardness and strength. We offer two grades of stainless steel for 3D printing: Stainless Steel 17-4 PH Stainless Steel 316L Learn more about stainless steel 3D printing Titanium Known as a "workhorse" alloy, titanium is a lightweight metal with high strength and excellent corrosion resistance. All final titanium parts receive vacuum stress relief application. Learn more about titanium 3D printing Aluminum expand_less expand_more Cobalt Chrome expand_less expand_more Inconel expand_less expand_more Stainless Steel expand_less expand_more Titanium expand_less expand_more If you have any issues getting your guide, click here to download . 3D Printing Surface Finish Guide Get this quick reference guide to explore your surface finish options across our six 3D printing technologies. United States of America Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia, Plurinational State of Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, the Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine, State of Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthélemy Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin (French part) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten (Dutch part) Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan SuriName Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of Viet Nam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Download I agree to receive email messages containing service updates and Design Tips from Protolabs and its affiliates Sample Quote Explore our material feature that lets you compare the cost of 3DP processes, materials, and resolutions. View Sample Quote "Great service at a fair price and the quality of my parts is fantastic. Keep up the great work.” Bob Koch, Johnson & Johnson - Ethicon 3D Printing Toolkit Get in-depth design advice to optimize 3D-printed parts. Designing with additive manufacturing in mind can accelerate production time and reduce overall cost. Check Out The Toolkit Surface Finish Options for 3D Prints Unfinished Dots, or standing "nibs," remain evident on the bottom of the part from the support structure remnants. Natural Supported surfaces are sanded down to eliminate the support nibs. Standard Supported surfaces are sanded, and the entire part is finely blasted for a consistent look. Note that the layers are still present. Custom Soft-touch paint, clear part finishing, painting, masking, color matching, decals/graphic, and texture finishes are available. Custom Finishing Looking to boost the strength, clarity, or appearance of your 3D-printed parts? Choose from microfluidic and micro-resolution materials, metal plating, secondary machining, and custom finishes like painting, clear coating, and decaling. Clear Coat Clear cosmetic finish that can be applied to ABS-Like Translucent/Clear (WaterShed XC 11122) and PC-Like Translucent/Clear (Accura 60) materials. Painting After smoothing the part with sanding and polishing, parts can be painted with automotive-grade paint. Provide a pantone color with your quote request. We also offer soft-touch painting. Plating Electroless nickel plating can be used to achieve parts that are similar to cast aluminum or magnesium. Dyeing Dyeing is another method for adding color to 3D prints. This is faster option with a limited color selection, so is a more cost-effective choice than painting. Decaling Decaling can be used to add a logo or other graphics to boost cosmetics or function. Polishing We can polish parts to a mirror-like finish. If this is a requirement, we ask that you provide either a drawing or image that indicates your finish expectations. Heat Treatment Harden and strengthen metal 3D prints with multiple heat treatment options: NADCAP heat treatment, hot isostatic pressing (HIP), solution annealing, and aging. Machining Machine metal 3D prints to achieve exceptional surface finish quality or meet tight tolerances. Why Choose Us for Custom 3D Printing? Unmatched Quality Get design feedback from our experienced engineering team that has helped thousands of customers bring their products to market with quality 3D-printed parts. We will also work with you to determine optimal part orientation based on your application's requirements. Wide Material Selection Across our six 3D printing technologies, we use a range of commercial-grade thermoset resins, and thermoplastic and metal powders to 3D print parts that are suitable for various part applications and industries. If required for your parts, we offer a variety of post-process options such as heat treating, secondary machining, plating, painting, and dyeing to further enhance mechanical properties and cosmetics. Scale and Production Our facility is home to more than 120 3D printing machines that produce metal and plastic parts. This means we'll always have capacity when you need parts fast--whether it's a small batch of parts or production level volumes. What is 3D Printing? 3D printing is a term used to describe a number of additive manufacturing technologies that produce parts one layer at a time from a 3D digital model. Some 3D printing machines will extrude a filament to create a parts, while others use lasers to sinter or cure raw materials like metal or plastic powders and liquid resins. There are a variety of 3D printing technologies that differ in terms of materials, surface finish quality, cost, and quantity to name a few. Advantages of 3D Printing Building parts layer-by-layer brings about many benefits that open up design possibilities that were previously unachievable through traditional processes like injection molding, machining, or casting. Complex, organic geometries with limited impact on part cost Consolidation of multi-component assembly into a single part No upfront tooling costs Fast production for parts within 24 hours Internal features for advanced heat transfer and flow applications Common 3D Printing Applications Additive manufacturing can be leveraged for both rapid prototyping and production in aerospace , medical , automotive, and other large industry sectors. Examples of typical parts, include: Form and fit prototypes Housings and enclosures Medical devices Snap fits Jigs and fixtures Heat exchangers and heat sinks Engine components Fuel injectors Surgical instrumentation Get an Instant 3D Printing Quote Upload a 3D CAD file to get an instant quote on your 3D printing design. In our quoting platform, you can see real-time cost implications based on your choice of 3D printing material and resolution level. If you have any questions regarding your quote or design, you can then work with our applications engineering team and they will help guide you through the process. Get Instant Quote 3D Printing FAQs How much does 3D printing cost? expand_less expand_more 3D printing cost per part is dependent on a multitude of factors, including design, material, process, and post print operations. Typically, the post print operations account for most of the part cost, especially if manual labor is involved. In general, the laser powder bed sintering processes like SLS and MJF are the most optimal economic choices for end use parts if cost is a key factor. Check out this blog post to better understand what drives the cost of 3D printing . How do I choose a 3D printing technology? expand_less expand_more When selecting a 3D printing technology, first determine critical design requirements like strength, temperature resistance, water resistance, aesthetics, or durability. This will often help you determine if a metal or plastic 3D printing is needed for your application. Check out this 3D printing material selection guide for further assistance on technology options to align with your design requirements. What type of file format is needed for 3D printing? expand_less expand_more Though all file types are ultimately converted to STL (.stl) before printing, the recommended file type to upload is STEP (.stp/.step). SOLIDWORKS (.sldprt), and IGES (.igs/.iges) files. Check out further guidance on how to design .stil files for 3D printing. Learn more about .stl files for 3D printing . How large of a part can you 3D print? expand_less expand_more The maximum size of the part depends on the bounding box in the 3D printing machine being used. With the advancement in large format printing options, parts with build volumes as large as 31.5 in. x 15.7 in. x 19.7 in. for metal parts and as large as 29 in. x 25 in. x 21 in. for plastic parts. What are the advantages of 3D printing? expand_less expand_more One of the biggest advantages of 3D printing is speed, or time to part in hand. Additional advantages include flexible design, cost savings, and production quality parts without tooling investment. What is 3D printing used for? expand_less expand_more 3D printing has historically been leveraged as a rapid prototyping manufacturing method. With advancements in post-processing options and engineering grade additive materials, 3D printing is often leveraged for end use part production. Additional Links and Resources What is 3D Printing? Gain an understanding of additive manufacturing and how it can be leveraged to improve product development through rapid prototyping and production. Read Guide arrow_right_alt 3D Printing Materials Guide Explore material properties available for plastic and metal 3D printing processes Read Guide arrow_right_alt Understanding Powder Bed Fusion Technology Powder bed fusion (PBF) is a 3D printing technology that sinters (fuses) powder particles together. Read Design Tip arrow_right_alt A Guide to Stereolithography 3D Printing Materials Compare the array of stereolithography materials with one another & with injection-molded plastics. Read Design Tip arrow_right_alt Metal 3D Printing Service Cost Explained Explore the variables involved in calculating the cost of 3D-printed parts when using metal additive manufacturing technologies. Read Blog arrow_right_alt Stay Connected! Stay tuned for more updates! United States of America Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia, Plurinational State of Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, the Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine, State of Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthélemy Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin (French part) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten (Dutch part) Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan SuriName Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of Viet Nam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Get Updates I agree to receive email messages containing service updates and Design Tips from Protolabs and its affiliates Proto Labs, Inc. 5540 Pioneer Creek Dr. Maple Plain, MN 55359 United States 877-479-3680 [email protected] Services Injection Molding CNC Machining 3D Printing Sheet Metal Fabrication Protolabs Network Company Careers Procurement Locations Charitable Giving Investors Resources Design Tips Blog Guides and Trend Reports Webinars and Trade Shows FAQs Partnerships Design Aids Product Releases Helpful Links Sample Quote Press Kit ISO Certifications ITAR Registration myRapid Security & Compliance Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Purchase Order Conditions and Use © Proto Labs 1999-2026 | Change your consent Proto Labs, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity employer